# About

I studied electrical engineering as an undergrad at The University of Texas at Austin and one of the companies I have worked for was kind enough to sponsor my graduate studies in reliability engineering at The University of Manchester. I have worked as part of a research team in a laboratory environment, in manufacturing facilities mainly in an automation role, and have developed analytics and recommendation software.

My engineering career started with working at the Center for High Energy Density Science as part of the Texas Petawatt team. My efforts in this position were focused around the instrumentation of a world-class research facility and the analysis of process data through Python scripts. I developed a number of applications for the institution that include a fluency calculator based on digital image processing and remote control applications for electrical measurement equipment (e.g. oscilloscopes, multimeters, etc.). Most of the development was done with LabVIEW and C.

Once I graduated with my BS in Electrical and Electronics Engineering from UT, I went to work in the Oil & Gas field for three and a half years. Within Tenaris, I had the opportunity to explore numerous roles. I've done everything from budget planning for a manufacturing facility, to process improvement engineering on the floor of a plant, to maintenance and reliability studies on ancient equipment. I've also had the chance to lead a group of people in both temporary projects and as part of my daily responsibilities, but the most exciting thing I've done throughout my work career is create data-based recommendation software. One of my most extensive projects tracked 52 critical process variables. Through these variables, the program designated the best way to set up the equipment for the manufacturing run and delineated what the control parameters should be to minimize the yield of out-of-specification material. This project used a number of different technologies to make it happen which include VisualBasic, SQL, RSLogix, and IBA.

After those great years in the Oil & Gas industry and traveling for some time, I have dedicated myself to become a full-time developer. This led to me coursing through AppAcademy's intense web development coursework in an effort to update my skill-set with today's newest and hottest technologies. One of the projects that came out of the process is Flow-DIY, a do-it-yourself project website where users can create and share their ideas. Three quarters of the way through the coursework, AppAcademy extended me an offer to work with them on a contract basis. During my time with them, I developed internal Rails tools, created testing suites with jUnit, and carried out a significant amount of interviews for would be students of the academy.

In my free time, I enjoy building Android applications for personal use, playing volleyball and basketball, going for hikes, and exploring new restaurants. I volunteer on the weekends and I'm particularly interested in new opportunities that can combine my passion for software development with the ability to help people.
